feat: add implementation of `stats/base/dists/dweibull/mode` (#10902)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/dweibull/mode/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( c )

>     Returns the expected value of a double Weibull distribution.

Reviewer: This says "expected value" but should say "mode".

```suggestion
    Returns the mode of a double Weibull distribution.
```
